He is the rumored Master Yun
Truth kills him
Disgraceful stuff, really disappointing
Music total music total
You can help me again
How else do you want me to help you?
Coming soon
I took a picture of Master Yun's Begonia Industry station map
I want to throw money at my anger
Thank you Mr. Lu
I will definitely take a picture of his words and destroy it in public
Farewell
Everyone, let's move on to the auction
You can't be proud for long
Please keep quiet
This is Master Yun's classic work Begonia Night Battle Map
Starting price 1 million 2 million
Your eyes may not be worthy of my words
I want to take this painting as destroyed.
Don't go too far
This money is to be donated to the mountain orphanage
You should be happy if you do good deeds
3 million 5 million
Miss Gu's bank card has been frozen
If you can't argue, you can't borrow it.
5 million twice
Gu Tianyuan's painting is my 10 million